as one noted prepare
fruit salad Podilsky unusual
in a way
why is unusual ready in the Pamirs
cooking our salad
for slot we take one banana
let's play one bog
and a little without taking a walnut and so
i use cooking times
a mixture of steamed wild rice such
brand shukeiko
with a perfect combination of utility
I have a unique taste
process started what we do we
hiding a banana
while i would do the usual
in a way
I don’t know preferably dates take yes
just a little bit on 3
game and orange zest
bananas we hide that's it
in this manner
we got a kind of boat
we understand went bananas
core
make it easier for us inside the united states
we get to keep the crust
large screen due level should
save school points
but for now
I think the center director is enough
they occupied this project in full swing
here is our home on the waterfront
he himself is orange
in the plan can only add to drink
can be faster
club mug apple that is
enter the building of the jar for fruit salads
on the hem lettuce of a little nuance is
should be a small amount for some reason
now it will go
while we have enough center
we will add it all now
panama
and now we live a little walnut
nut literally three defile players expensive
and I have to be balls
Well, so small
V.Putin
and if you like walnut, you can
you can still borrow money
Kemerovo, that is, any game that
do you like it so much
and but today this path we see today
but in a tablespoon
but the choice of Tyumen
it will all be
mix
in general I can say u say that
about 1,300 now high in content
nickname
fiber
whole grains
And in combination with kakorinom rice
parade
the burst of the chip is incredibly tasty the more so
sheet processing technologies
market maker allows you to save
huge amount of vitamins
magnesium phosphorus because it does risk
from there come a politician
now when we have a banana on the shelf
mixed we put our skin
here's a boat
as canon is absolutely right
and fill our team this year
a mixture
back to the wall
completely flawed back
but even a few dozen would agree
state of health
it means that it can even be used
never again
money no longer wants to cook anything
at home yes that came to her all tastes
fed up
someone can safely do for dinner
because bad calories and patient by
values ​​pillow ransom independently husband
now how i think we will do
for Russia
quite right we are now
it will wrap the foil
the prime theological schools
literally five minutes at a temperature
180 degrees so he leaked himself a little
so now we are sending it all there
even wondering what's going on with the banana
just so the father I know the star
scale we, too, katsir melts one
and he is a simple billion approach
empty mass that covers under
all these components then we put
burst
we put rice trademarks
our banana is ready
we understand him
the most important of them bake russia to
he helped his ward
and she declares me with the same result
perfectly
second plate
the mistress
Vatican offers
dock umarov deposits and a plate
and we directed
do you hear what flavor
commonplace
graduated very tasty that is it
full saturated
get used I'd probably be even better for
breakfast with real
because he doesn't have
bananas did not give a good answer
quite right
I would like this factor
will do
Dalian